Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
I'm a Hanselman it's dot
com. It's Hansel minutes. Our
weekly discussion with web developer
and technologist Scott Hanselman. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
512. In this episode, Scott
talks with Chris wrote about
the best way to get
started making your own video
game. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes today. I'm
talking about getting started making
video games when we've got
on the phone here, Chris
Rose. Hi, how are you?
Hey, I'm great. How are
you? I'm very excited. Very
excited to talk to you.
You've been involved in production
on games like final fantasy,
14, and a lot of
different games of the different
genres. You've made little games
and big games you've been
involved in publishing and production
worldwide. Yeah, well, mostly Europe
wide. I've moved around. Yes.
I've moved around from Germany
to London, back to Germany
and soon Sweden. Yeah. All
right. That's exciting. So one
of the things that I
wanted to talk about was
I realized that in 25
years of software development, I
don't think I've ever actually
made a video game. Like
I play them and I've
written a lot of software.
So before we started talking,
I was thinking to myself,
why haven't I made a
video game? And I think
it's because I perceive the
barrier to entry as being
very high Interesting, and not
even at a hackathon are
so not even there a
little. I think I, I
thought that it would be
a big deal and I
thought that there's no value
in my little game. And
that working on a video
game would be an 18
month long process with a
team of artists and designers.
And it would be like,
would it consume my life?
Well, I think it always
depends on the definition of
what a game is. I
know that the most commonly
known will be big triple
a titles on the big
console or PC even, but
they're also a lot of
smaller games that have gained
huge international recognition or earnings
best example would be flat
paper that for a while
made like I dunno, $50,000
in advertisement per day. And
if you look at it,
it's not a huge or
complex game or another thing
which very much can be
debatable. If it's a game
called Cal clicker, a Facebook
thing, it was gamified. You
could click on a cow
and then it would move.
It was developed by a
guy called Ian Bogost and
it also made some great
earnings for a while, but
it was supposed to be
some kind of art project,
but with a gamification since.
And the cool thing is
you can get a game
around very, very quickly as
the many game hackathons prove
This this weekend. I think
that there is a global
game jam. Isn't that right?
They're trying to make a
game and just a weekend
Exactly. Every year, the entire
game development community, all over
the world, regardless of what
your professional or your expertise
is, it comes together and
creates a game for one
theme, which will be revealed
like within each time zone
and is kept secret and
the other time zones until
then. And yeah, sometimes people
come as a team. Sometimes
they find themselves as a
team on some games have
made their way to Xbox.
I think like one was
called fru where he played
with connect and interact. Like
your shadow will unveil platforms
or hide platforms and with
a control, you have to
jump on them. So it
was a fun, little combination
of moving around, being very
active or a as well
as, you know, keeping the
controller in mind. What, what
kind of theme? What's an
example of a past theme.
It was just like zombies
or platforms or Mario things.
Oh dear God. It's I
think one was the world.
Not as they see it,
but as I see it
or something like that, So
it's very open ended. Like
how you interpret them. Yes.
I probably got the theme
wrong, but it's very much
down to interpretation for the
global game jam. But for
others it can be something
like a word. It can
be something like pick any
word from today's newspapers, front
page. It's really just a
thing to get you started
because when you have everything
open-ended and you have nothing
to go with, then usually
you have either no idea
or way too many. Ah,
okay. So the theme tries
to narrow things down and
give you a general direction
to go in to get
you started. And is this
something that the listeners like
if you're listening now and
you've never made a game,
this is the weekend, this
is a great time clear
schedule get involved and there's
no, you don't need to
be a part of a
club or anything to do
this. Totally. And I mean,
they do ask you to
submit your project and to
submit your game to the
website and everyone will do,
but Hey, even if you
just want to participate on
the sidelines, like you make
your little project just to
get a feel for it.
Why not? I don't think
it's great when you abide
the rules and everything, but
if it's your first project,
then I think it's nice
play in practice on the
sidelines as well. However, if
you're like really brave and
convinced that your game is
the next big hit, then
sure. Go ahead. Submit it.
I like the examples of
some of the games you
gave that aren't that complicated.
Like flappy bird. I mean,
ultimately it's just one, the
one touch. And I think
that when, when tablets began
and iPads and iPhones started
out, I don't think we
thought that one could make
a compelling or interesting game
with just one finger. But
then I'm looking at my,
my own personal games section
of my phone here. And
I'm realizing that most of
them are one finger type
games. Like, you know, angry
birds is very pretty and
very, it's a whole universe.
It's a whole worldwide phenomenon,
but it's not a very
complicated game mechanic, right? I
mean, you're throwing rocks at
other objects and physics takes
over Very true. And I
mean the, well, if you
can call it philosophy, but
the idea behind the flappy
bird creator's approach to creating
games is to only have
them work with one finger
or have them operated with
one finger, because assume you
are in a bus in
a very busy bus and
you only half, yeah. Have
a place to stand. You
have to hold onto a
handrail. So you only have
that one hand with one
finger and you still want
to play a game. And
they were a great pastime.
And usually they're the most
successful on the app stores
with quake revenue, high replayability
is even over a longer
periods of time if you
get the social features, right.
And even more later, there've
been very abstract games like,
you know, circles and nines
and these kinds of games
where it's either just numbers
on a grid or a
geometric shapes, you know, moving
through space. And these will
be at the top of
the charts. Yeah. Or even
other games that like think
around the corner, so to
speak like monument Valley, or
I think that was on
the PSVT echo crime where
you have to tilt the
camera in a way that
the path lines up to
create a path. I find
that really interesting. I have
to admit, I have been
a very big fan of
threes where you have to
match up numbers. And the
thing is, I know that
game has been released on
Xbox and it is still
a nice pastime, but if
I play threes, then usually
no, actually always on my
phone because it feels like
it's, it has been designed
for our phone. It just
doesn't feel as right on
the console because trying to
emulate or simulate touch controls
on a console is just
as difficult as trying to
emulate a directional pads and
everything else on a mobile
phone. Yep. I tried, I
tried very hard to play
threes on the Xbox and
it's almost like the same
thing with Bejeweled tight. There's
the Juul for Xbox and
it's just, it's obnoxious because
you're moving the around when
you just want to touch
the giant screen, but it
has the achievements. It does
have achievements. My, my wife
got that 2048, which is
like a three's cologne. And
what I found really interesting
about it is again, very
simple game mechanic. She refused
to stop playing until she
got 20, 48. And this
went on for months. She
got her 20, 48. She
took a screenshot and then
she's done. She just walks
around with that screenshot. So
if whatever comes up again,
she has that ready to
go and say, Nope, I
won that, that game is
now dead to me. Excellent.
I don't usually I'm like
that with achievements. Yeah. I'm
a bit of a completist
myself as well. , There's
a, there's a whole host
of game types. There's also
a host of game mechanics.
You mentioned AAA games that
got me thinking about first
person shooters in 3d. That
seems like a really hard
thing to get into. If
I'm getting into making games,
should I start with like
a Mario type game or
should I just do text
based games? It really depends
on what your background is.
For example, I have worked
with many teenagers, especially female
teenagers, because we've got this
thing called girl state in
Germany where a one day,
every year girls around 14
years old are encouraged to
learn about technical jobs and
companies. And I got to
talk to a lot of
them during one of those
events and realized that most
of them are very much
into making music, writing stories,
creating artwork, and almost none
of them were aware that
they could use that skill
in game development as well.
So you can, for example,
start with text-based adventures and
it doesn't have to be
a sole so-called mud. I
don't know if that's still
a thing like the text
based multi-user Dungeons. I used
to play them on Telnet.
Yeah. I think we've dated
ourselves there Maybe, but there
is a tool called twine
and you can find it
on  dot org and
there you create HTML by
spaced text adventurous. You can
create different choices and depending
on how much you want
to get into JavaScript, or
even just HTML, you can
change the appearance. You can
also add actual functionality to
it. So you can make
a real text-based RPG with
random functions with like an
item inventory, et cetera. So
that's a great starting point
to learn how to code
as well for web apps
even. So you get your
first touch points with HTML
and JavaScript, and then you
use it for other applications
you can use for tools
like RPG maker or GameMaker
to focus on the story.
And if you want to
look at things like a
unity, then you will find
something called an asset store
and in the asset store,
which GameMaker also has you
find the work of other
people who will share their
work with you. So you
don't have to be an
expert at drawing or an
expert at coding, but you
just can click together the
games that you would like.
And it doesn't matter what
kind of game you want
to make. It can be
a puzzle game. So the
unity course that I created
was a flappy bird clone.
I also did a C-sharp
course with a whack-a-mole type
game. It could be a
memory type game. It's really
just adding a visual layer
to yeah. Programming problem. So
to speak and finding a
solution for that. Yeah. I'm
starting to realize that the
barrier is a lot lower
than I thought I saw.
I was playing recently with
an Oculus rift development kit
and someone had made a
game, which was basically fly
helicopter and try to land
it. And I thought to
myself, Oh my goodness, that
must've been incredibly difficult for
them to make it turns
out. They went into unity,
made it kind of a
default 3d type game, went
and bought like a $5
model of a helicopter. So
the person didn't even have
to make the helicopter. And
what was cool about it
was that this particular model
had a very detailed dashboard.
So the individual put the
camera in the seat of
the helicopter, which was an
unusual, that was the, that
was the little spark of
creativity rather than being on
the outside of the helicopter.
They went on the inside
and then, you know, weekend
later you had a first
person, virtual reality, 3d helicopter
simulator. And you know, it
was very well received. It
was really more plugging Lego
pieces together than it was
development. Yeah, It is. I
mean, you have to code
a little, I think it
would be wrong to say,
especially with unity that you
just go ahead and create
good games without writing a
single line of code, of
course, but it's not as
much as writing something natively.
I think if you wanted
to get into C plus
plus and direct X development,
that will be a lot
more frustrating as a starting
experience, then getting started with
unity and just having to
create some special scripts. You
can afterwards dabble with C
plus plus and direct X.
Like if you want to
get into triple a development,
like the halos of the
world, then we would be
very advisable, but let's face
it. Most of the games
are now being released on
mobile because threshold is just
so low, like for getting
it out there, which I
find really nice. It's sometimes
hard to stand out, but
good games still will stand
out. And interestingly, good games
will sometimes sit around for
a year and then be
discovered Yes. By someone who
will just rant on Twitter
or so. Yeah, very true.
Hey folks, I wanted to
take a moment to tell
you about Reagan and their
new product called pulse. Reagan
is an error and crash
reporting software provider and their
new product pulse. It's a
realtime user monitoring product. It
gives you performance data and
user insights. Lets you understand
exactly what's happening when users
interact with your software. So
you're never left guessing. Reagan
provides you with the answers
to your performance questions and
they've found over 10 billion that's
billion with a B bugs
and customer apps with their
crash reporting product. And now
Reagan will help you understand
application quality. Like no one
else over 30,000 developers worldwide,
can't be wrong. I use
Reagan and all the time
and I enjoyed it very
much. You can try it
out today with a no
risk 30 day free trial
start improving your software quality
immediately try Reagan for free
today@reagan.io. Yeah. A buddy of
mine took the app a
dark room, which is, have
you ever played that game?
A dark room? Is it
as a text adventure and
a it's a minimalist and
you basically, Is it a
web game or is it
an app? So it started
as a web game and
it says a dark room,
light fire, and there's a
single button and then you
press light fire and then
you stoke the fire and
then you make a, you
know, you make a, you
make your team and you
have a hut and you
build sticks and it's all
done entirely, entirely in text.
It's about the most minimalist
game ever, but a mirror
went and took this and
ported it over to iPhone.
And it was the top
of the iPhone charts for
like a year. Oh wow.
Because I was once at
a hackathon in Berlin where
we had two people who
are actually from London and
they created a text adventure,
which sounded very similar on
that weekend. And they spent
all night recording all the
sound bits for that. And
that was actually made in
twine for example, which is
why I was slightly surprised
right now. I was like
a nice reminder, but you
know what mean, you know,
what's really cool. I got
the chance to work with
the newer connect, like the
V2, but you can now
use the X books version
with an adapter for a
PC and you can do
two things with that. You
can either scan your own
objects. Like if you're really
into handcraft, then you can
scan them in 3d and
put them out into your
game. And the other thing
is that you can record
your own animation so you
can make your game really
personal without knowing without any
knowledge of how to animate
an object in the computer,
so to speak. So I
wouldn't know how to create
an animation from scratch, just
using software tools. But with
that within five minutes I
had a walking away having
a jumping animation just like
that. And that's also perfect
to get started. What was
the tool that was connecting
to the connect that would,
that would take that image
and turn it into an
animation. The suffer plug is
a plugin for unity and
it's called cinema mocap, Cinema
mocha as in motion capture.
Yes. Very cool. The, the,
the point you made earlier
about unity and having to
write a little bit of
code when you made that
flappy bird lab. I remember
I had my kids run
through a lab. My kids
are eight and 10 and
they were able in about
an hour and a half,
two hours with help with
it was Stacy Malkay. He
was leading a, an event
and all these kids were
learning how to do this.
I think we wrote maybe
25 lines of code Very
little. I mean, after all,
you just have to move.
Like you have to move
either the obstacles or the
Berg, depending on what you
want, where you want to
have it around. That's like
two or three lines. Dunno.
Then you have to make
it react to the tap
and make a jump and
maybe declare some variables for
the dump height as well.
And then you need to
define what happens in terms
of obstacle generation as well
as collision. So those four
things and the moving part,
like the reacting to the
tap, I think that comes
with one of the predefined
assets. But the thing with
that I don't like with
predefined assets is that they
usually overloaded. They're not in
the programming term overloading, but
rather there's too much, too
much that you don't need.
Oh, they come with a
lot of defaults that are
Yes, a lot of functionality
that is necessary. And if
you change one thing or
if you want to change
one thing, then sometimes it
may be hard to find
it. Ah, interesting. The, the
one thing that I was
impressed about because this was
my first time using unity
was going through this lab
with my kids was I
assume there'd be a lot
of math and sideways co-sign
and this and that. And
I'd have to teach an
eight year old about physics
and the gravity of the
thing you had to have
the bird fall to the
ground. I thought it was
going to be a problem.
But that physics engine, at
least in the context of
a 2d physics engine was
just an asset. It was
built in like it was
a solved, like the idea
that the physics and the
game, our assault problem brought
me mentally into 2015. Because
the last time I thought
about game development was in
the mid nineties, early nineties,
where, you know, you were,
we were moving pixels around
one at a time and
there was no such thing
as a physics engine. You
know, John Carmack was just
thinking about that stuff at
that point. Yeah. And I
mean, it's not just an
today, it's also in 3d,
also collision detection. Normally I'd
say it's the easiest thing
to handle, but in unity,
for example, you just set
an element, a component that's
called called Collider. And they
can have different shapes, either
standard shapes, like circle or
a sphere or a box
or whatever, or you can
create your own mash gliders
or polygon colliders for more
yeah. Custom shapes. And then
the only thing you need
to do is you need
to access the event collision
or the collision event. Sorry.
And that's the only thing.
So you call up void
on collision, enter something. And
then in there you just
define what will happen. And
ideally you also quickly check
what the thing has been
colliding with because otherwise you
will step on the ground
and you will destroy the
earth. I wonder why I
still see in 2015, 2016.
And actually I just realized,
as I said, 2015 to
2016, why collision detection? Isn't
it gets still hard. Sometimes
I see like, I'll play
a game and I'll like,
go through a wall. I'm
like really, you know, we
used to see that early
on where, you know, the
arm of the character would
go through the wall. And
I wonder why people don't
use, you know, the crisis
engine or unreal engine and
they still insist on doing
it themselves. Well, there's various
things to keep in mind.
Like for example, if you
have a complex object, then
you may have to create
a complex collision yeah. Field.
And for the sake of
saving performance, you may just
cover the Cory body, but
not the arms for example.
And the other thing is
the collision detection speeds. Like
I was trying to create
a now football soccer wall
game controlled by the connect.
If I control it with
a mouse or with a
keyboard, everything was fine. But
if I wanted to control
it with the connect, then
I would shoot very quickly.
And that was too fast
for the computer. And I'm
not that good at football.
It was just that the
frames per second weren't enough.
And that can sometimes be
a problem as well. And
just a matter of glitches.
So when you're getting into
like the AAA type stuff,
this is where we hear
about things like, you know,
on the PlayStation, they have
X number of CPU and
one is dedicated just to
this aspect of the game.
And sometimes I'll hear that,
like for example, on the
Xbox, you can hit the
home button and it takes
you home, but you can
disable that and get an
extra 3% of CPU back
or something and game designers
need that. So Yes, unfortunately
I don't know a few
like how much you play
on your phone and how
complicated the games are or
how demanding performance wise they
are. Unfortunately, I think that
the better the devices get
the sloppier, the coding gets.
So things like keeping track
off the disc space, tricking
keeping track of memory, keeping
track of CPU, load, or
battery drain, essentially for mobile
devices is something that we
do not do a lot.
And some friends at Intel
gave a talk recently on
how to optimize for battery
life. And those were really
simple things like, yeah, you
don't need 60 frames per
second on the main screen
where nothing moves, stuff like
that, which I find important
because I've got a phone
and if I play like
it's an endless runner that
I'm playing at the moment
just to get the achievements,
then the battery will be
drained within two hours max.
And that's appalling, I think.
Yeah. So you got stuck
inside of a deep, hard
for loop and there's no
building. Yeah. So, yeah. And
that is unfortunately the case
with hardware that gets better.
And I think it would
be nice to also learn
about how to become more
efficient, but it's not necessarily
something to get started with
my next question, but what
I find impressive. Do you
remember the demo scene from
way back when Yes. Demo
scenes people in demo scenes
would say, well, what can
I do on a Commodore
64 in just 12 K
it gives some ridiculous constraints
and then they'll go and
create an entire three D
world with marbles and Ray
tracing in 12 K. And
here I am on, on
a 16 gig machine with
a 700 series Nvidia. And
I'm told that is not
powerful enough for VR. Yes.
I've found what they created.
Very admirable, be it, the
music, be it, the procedural
graphics creation, et cetera, be
it in 12 K or
even in 4k or the
bigger ones, the bigger they
got, the more impressive they
got. But if you kept
in mind that some of
them only were at 4k
and looked at the results,
dear God, and they're still
around, I think they're great
people to meet as well.
And they also have some
user group meetups, for example.
Yeah. I think that I
actually, I had a gentleman
on from ocean software recently
who worked on some of
the early music, you know,
the Sid based music and
he was hand coding music
and you know, like, and
I kind of like, you
know, kind of shook my
fist in the air, like
the old man that I
am. And I'm like, that's
how we should do it.
We should hand code our
music. You know, it got
me thinking about the coder
scene. Like back when computers
were hard and I have
a bit of a mixed
feelings about the game maker,
drag and drop, you know,
unity where it's like, it's
great and it's amazing, but
I dunno, it should also,
it should be, there should
be some difficulty. So I
want to get people involved.
But at the same time,
I miss those, you know,
back 30 years ago when
it was difficult, There is
one major issue with handwriting
are in natively, coding, everything.
I mean, when you look
at your circle of friends
and especially outside of the
Microsoft realm, I'd say the
types of hardware that is
being used is very, very
mixed. It also depends on
where I go. Sometimes it's
a lot of iPhone. Sometimes
it's a lot of Android
phones and sometimes it's a
lot of windows phones. And
even in my circle of
friends, it's very mixed as
well. So just coding for
one system would limit you
from the majority of the
market. And even if you
wanted to have your friends
to try out your game,
it would be difficult already.
And those tools like unity
game maker, or even unreal
help you to get it
out on different platforms with
minimal effort. So you can
concentrate on the game rather
than, you know, getting everything
else to work. Yeah. That
is a really, really good
point. I think it, it
is easy to dismiss the
benefits. It's not just, Oh,
I didn't have to do
a physics engine, but Oh,
I didn't even have to
think about anything other than
screen size and touch was
handled for me and all
that kind of stuff. However,
I think for getting started
with coding, it's good to
also look at just creating
one or two games natively
for PC. Like just, just
use it and to try
to make it once to
get an idea of what
else is involved. It doesn't
have to be a complicated,
came, just make a memory
game or so, and then
you can apply that knowledge
back in the engine. But
I would advise against using
very exotic languages. I know
that there's some how to
make a game courses in
various exotic programming languages or
scripting languages, if you want
people or your kids to
get interested in creating a
game and finding other people
to create them with, it's
good to have them use
tools and languages that are
widely used also to find
answers to problems or questions
on stack overflow, right? I'm
thinking about how after this
podcast, I'm going to get
my kids making a game.
And I'm thinking that of
all the things you've mentioned
for a young person, a
very young person or a
middle schooler as we would
call them that the winery
TWI N E R Y
winery.org is a really great
opportunity. Cause I want them
to learn how to write,
but it really, it gets
it to the essence of
the game mechanic. And in
this case, it's a tech
space, you know, go left,
go North, get your things.
It was like a very
simple, a simple system and
it doesn't require me to
teach them HTML. Yeah. And
they're, I mean, there are
a lot of great tools.
Like I remember a couple
of years ago we had
a bar camp that we
organized in Berlin and our
main speaker was just 11
years old at the time.
And he talked to the
audience that was com made
up of mostly adults. How
to create a game with
Kodu. Now, I guess we
would prefer project spark. So
that's a great way of
learning how, you know, game
loops work, how to check
for things, but they have
certain limitations in creating actual
finished games that he can
put out on different platforms.
So I think I would
use a mixture of twine,
maybe project spark and then
little by little get into
GameMaker or unity, depending on
whether they feel more comfortable
with web languages or something
like C-sharp. Yeah. Kodu for
folks who didn't understand how
to spell that as K
O D U Kodu game,
lab.com. I'll put all of
this in that, in the
show notes project spark is
pretty interesting. I've been playing
that on my Xbox one,
but I have found though
that it's almost, It's almost
too easy To make a
boring and stupid game, but
the amount of work required
to make a really complicated
game involves rather a bit
of understanding of their interface.
My boys were able to
go and make a forest,
make a goblin. And then
basically that was it. They
were done and they were
just running around, beating up
on these other goblins. And
then they're like, this is
great. We can make games
like, well, no, you didn't
really do anything. You just,
you had it, auto-generate a
forest and you put a
bunch of goblins around and
now you're beating them up.
But if it's a first
thing to like a first
success, like another, at a
hackathon, we had another 11
year old kid, a boy.
And he was using unity
for the very first time.
And the only thing he
did was create a turn
around with some icy patches
on it and with a
waterfall and with trees. And
he could run around with
a 3d character on it.
And he was so proud
that after like a day
and a half, he has
created that he even did
a talk about it. Like
he presented the results itself
in front of the entire
group. And that got him
motivated to come to the
next hackathon and try out
more. And you know, but
it's a great thing to
get a feel for the
interface. I don't know. Have
you ever used something like
Cubase, for example, like a
really complicated or really advanced
editing tool for anything that
really okay. Because whenever I
opened Cubase for a while
I opened it. And so
it's a sound editing tool
and then you get overwhelmed
because the interface is so
complicated and if you're a
newbie, it might even scare
you. So the key thing
is the kiss principle. Keep
it simple. Stupid. Is that
actually the last, keep it
simple. Yeah. And then isn't
the second year. It is
stupid. Yeah. I'm afraid. So
just keep it simple, stupid
Anyway, but keeping it simple,
lets you focus on one
thing at a time. I
think if you try to
create too much, if it
tried to create the next
halo, then you will just
get frustrated along the way
with every single step, you
will run into an issue
into a question that you
need to solve. And then
because you are a beginner
and you are asking an
advanced question, people in the
farms may not be as
friendly as you might like
them to be. I find
that sometimes a problem with
the online community, but if
you love playing flappy bird,
for example, or the two
D space shooter, why not
try and program something like
that to get started with
and then take it from
there because with each game
that you create just can
be a weekend game, you
will learn something new and
you will have something new
for your library of scripts
and plugins, so to speak.
Yeah. And I think that's
a good reminder. It is
about that feeling of accomplishment.
And you know, you shouldn't
judge your early work if
you, you know, if you
accomplished something like I shouldn't
downplay the fact that they,
they did make a bunch
of goblins and put them
in a forest and fight
them. But I think that's
a, that's a good reminder.
So project spark is in
the windows 10 store it's
on Xbox Kodu is a
coder game lab. And I'm
going to add of course,
links to that in
dot org in the, in
the show notes. Thanks so
much for chatting with me
today, Chris, Thank you for
having me on a show.
It was great. Fun talking
to you. My pleasure. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week.